Clarify nickname (#482)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM: specification/gedcom-3-structures-3-meaning.md

#### `NICK` (Nickname) `g7:NICK`

A descriptive or familiar name that is used instead of, or in addition to, one’s official or legal name.

> A nickname can be a derivation of another name, such as "Jimmy" fron "James", or a distinct name.

Author: ```suggestion
A nickname can be a derivation of another name, such as "Jimmy" from "James", or a distinct name.
```

> Nicknames can be brief-lived and informal or used consistently even in formal situations throughout one's life.

Author: The definition text in the spec doesn't use "Nickname", instead using "descriptive or familiar", so this added text may not be appropriate

> A descriptive or familiar name that is used instead of, or in addition to, one’s official or legal name.
> A nickname can be a derivation of another name, such as "Jimmy" from "James", or a distinct name.
> Nicknames can be brief-lived and informal or used consistently even in formal situations throughout one's life.

Author: ```suggestion
A descriptive or familiar name that is used instead of, or in addition to, one’s official or legal name.

:::note
Although the label of this structure is "nickname", the definition is limited to descriptive or familiar names, not to other name types sometimes called "nicknames" in English, such as names used in formal settings but not on legal documents.
However, some applications show users only the text "nickname", so user-entered `NICK` payloads that go beyond the structure's definition may be found in some GEDCOM files.
:::
```

#### `NICK` (Nickname) `g7:NICK`

A descriptive or familiar name that is used instead of, or in addition to, one’s official or legal name.

> :::note
> Although the label of this structure is "nickname", the definition is limited to descriptive or familiar names, not to other name types sometimes called "nicknames" in English, such as names used in formal settings but not on legal documents.
> However, some applications show users only the text "nickname", so user-entered `NICK` payloads that go beyond the structure's definition may be found in some GEDCOM files.
> :::

Author: ```suggestion
:::note
The title and description of this structure was introduced with version 5.5 in 1996, but are understood differently by different users.
Some use NICK only for names that would be inappropriate in formal settings.
Some use it for pseudonyms regardless of where they are used.
Some use it for any variant of a name that is not the one used on legal documents 
Because all of these uses, and likely others as well, are common in existing data, no further clarification of the meaning of the NICK structure is possible without contradicting some existing data.
:::
```

Author: My goal here is to have text that acknowledges the diversity of use without suggesting that one or another use is "proper"

#### `NICK` (Nickname) `g7:NICK`

A descriptive or familiar name that is used instead of, or in addition to, one’s official or legal name.

> :::note
> The title and description of this structure was introduced with version 5.5 in 1996, but are understood differently by different users.
> Some use NICK only for names that would be inappropriate in formal settings.
> Some use it for pseudonyms regardless of where they are used.
> Some use it for any variant of a name that is not the one used on legal documents 
> Because all of these uses, and likely others as well, are common in existing data, no further clarification of the meaning of the NICK structure is possible without contradicting some existing data.
> :::

Author: ```suggestion
:::note
The label "nickname" and description text of this structure were introduced with version 5.5 in 1996, but are understood differently by different users.
Some use `NICK` only for names that would be inappropriate in formal settings.
Some use it for pseudonyms regardless of where they are used.
Some use it for any variant of a name that is not the one used on legal documents.
Because all of these uses, and likely others as well, are common in existing data, no further clarification of the meaning of the `NICK` structure is possible without contradicting some existing data.
:::
```
